---
layout: post
title: "Fun with Intel P55"
subtitle: "Overclocking the P55 Platform"
category: OC
tags: OC
image:
  path: assets/img/2023-06-07/flare UD6.jpg
---

Intels P55 Platform is the top of the line for the LGA 1156 Socket of Processors made by Intel. This was first luanched back in 2009 following the High end HEDT LGA 1366 Platform.

Part 1: Finding a Board

I decided to try out 1156 as I have never overclocked it before so I set about searching for a cheap board that was decent. 

My first port of call was the overclocking database hwbot.org. For more infomation on hwbot check out my post here: 

After browsing submissions I narrowed it down to 3 main choices:

1. Gigabyte P55A-UD Series
2. Asus Maximus 3 Formula
3. EVGA Classifed 200

From these choices I decided to narrow it down further to either Gigabyte or Asus as these are the most common in australia. 

After some searching, I discoved a good deal from one of my local huants for good hardware. I found a Gigabyte motherboard with a unknown i7 and dual quadro for $60. Why so cheap? It had issues of random error codes and not working and he couldnt figure it out.

After neogoating with the seller and asking the seller to explain the issues, I had it on its way, minus the GPUs as I didnt need them and was running out of space.

Part 2: So its a go, Right?

So I plugged it all in and got it setup and pressed the power button...

No Boot, nada, nothing. Just code 88 on the post readout...

After some searching I discovered post 88 is comonly present when something is not plugged correctly. So I reseated everything and still no go. :( 
...
